yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyysyys.        .y+/yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyssys`          -y-:yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyysyyyys+ys`            .o--yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyoyyys:ss`               -:-syyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+-++`   `              `.+yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys/:+-+s//:/:-`              +yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyso/++:`       ```            ``.yyyyyyyyyo-..:syyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys..`    ``.-/:..syyyyyyyyyyso+/yyyyyo:/o  ``-`oyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.`  ..--     `` --`+yyso/:-.`     +yy:/  -`    : /yyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.    :-   `    `.` `              :oo-   -.. ` : oyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys-``. ...``..-..`                 `+ . ``    -``+yyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyssss--  -.                        -  `:    -``oyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyo ..-`:` -                        `.`    -oyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy-  ..  / -`                            .- +yyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+--.   `/  `.                     `````  .syyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy-` ..   .-  `.                         `-:++yysoy
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+.  .`.` -.. .                          ./.-ys`o-
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/--`   .    -`                  .`       -:  /+` --
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy   .         .                `.`      `:`   .  -. 
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy:::   .                     `... `      --       -`  
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/  :   `                  .-.. ```      -.       .`   
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/  `                   ``` `  .`       -.        .    
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/                `    -`  `--..       ..        `     
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy:    `   `.     `-    :/--.          ..               
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys`   `    `          -sy+.          ..          `     
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+                   +yyyyys:      ..         ``      
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/                  syyyyyyy-.`  `.         ``       
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy-                .yyyyyyy:  ```.        ..         
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys               `syyyyyyo     .       ..           
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/              /yyyyyyys`:-  `     `.             
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy-             oyyyyyyyy:sy: `     - `.           
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys             yyyyyyyyyyyy: ``   -`` .           
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy            .syyyyyyyyyyyy+//`  /  .` ```       
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy`           -oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyo  / ..`.          
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/           -/yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy- /..-`           
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys           ./yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy++.:`            
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+-.--...`.`  `:yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+:`             
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys          ``..:yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys-              
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+          `    oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy/               
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy+               oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.              